do you want to project okay so we
actually discussing two things because
we had to do interpretations of private
DHT one was like separate DHCS or
independent DHCS this is actually not
possible because we now have support for
it like setting a custom protocol
failure of DHT so if you just change the
protocol no one else will connect to you
and you'll have your little private EHT
if you want a truly private DHT team use
the swarm key but yeah so that was
that's actually kind of done so we can
really talk about that that much the
other part was the privacy preserving
dhts this is a complicated issue we
actually have a issue in github you know
I've missed notes
it's called DHT 2.0 it's also linked
from the PR that for the proposal for
the accession so you can find it there
and you just discuss that we're
basically party HT will want to be able
to hide the values of the records unless
you actually know the key of the records
and then allow you to basically look up
keys by the hash of the key so like if
you're trying to like find a peer you
would take their peer ID hash it again
find the hash of their find that in the
ADHD pull out the the peer IDs right
yeah
peer abiding record that would be
encrypted with the actual PID then
decrypted with a PR ID so it basically
hides information from every citizen
doesn't actually know the real PR ID so
the ad sub-layer privacy to the HT this
make sense people so yeah we talked
about that a bit no one really objected
we have two tangents around things like
private content and stuff like that but
that's out of scope we didn't read it
before I received this the issue but
that takes ages